This Product, MD5 Message Digest Unit, is derived from the RSA Data Security,
Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm. The copyright notice is included in this
project's documentation. The notice must be included with any redistribution of
this work or any derived work.

The Product is subject to the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 (the
"License"). You may not use this Product except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/1.1.

Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.

Portions of the code are based on the reference implementation from RFC 1321,
translated into Pascal from the original C. The MD5 algorithm and the reference
implementation are Copyright (C) 1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. Created 1991.
All rights reserved.

The Initial Developer of the MD5 Message Digest Unit is Peter D Johnson.
Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2010-2011 Peter D
Johnson (www.delphidabbler.com). All Rights Reserved.

Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of either
the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or the GNU Lesser
General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"), in which case the
provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead of those above. If you
wish to allow use of your version of this file only under the terms of either
the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to use your version of this file
under the terms of the MPL, indicate your decision by deleting the provisions
above and replacing them with the notice and other provisions required by the
GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete the provisions above, a recipient may use
your version of this file under the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the
LGPL.

All relevant trademarks are acknowledged.